hello and welcome to this me this week's
Stella developer meeting today I have
a guest and the guest is actually from
my own team it's  Elliot and  and
my own team it's Elliot and and
ell is going to talk about a project
that he's been working on and it's it's
a fun project  in our team and the
a fun project in our team and the
deal team we talked about it should be
fun to learn to to build on on stellar
and one of the ways can do that is to
play around ourself and and build some
some cool stuff  we can play around
some cool stuff we can play around
with and  hopefully you find find fun
with and hopefully you find find fun
too and then of course there's a lot of
learning involved in that so I'm very
very excited to to introduce you to
to Eliot and and his pet project kale
fil  so maybe you can just give a
fil so maybe you can just give a
little introduction to how how did this
all get started I think has something to
do with kale yeah so   like Carson
do with kale yeah so like Carson
mentioned my my name is Elliot I am a
developer Advocate also here at SDF I
get to be at Jack of all trades in a lot
of ways and I love I've Loved for a long
long time  just messing around with
long time just messing around with
Stellar having fun and  just breaking
Stellar having fun and just breaking
stuff as you said Matias  go I was
stuff as you said Matias go I was
reminiscing with Tyler earlier today
about  all the ways that we used to
about all the ways that we used to
kind of like Jerry rig this chain of
operations into creating some smart
contract esque kind of thing  but
contract esque kind of thing but
sorban is one-year-old today and we have
actual official real life smart
contracts on stellar and it's an amazing
time to be developing in the
community and it's an amazing time to be
here having fun I think a lot of the
time we get kind of like caught up in
the seriousness of what we are doing
here at stellar and the  the real life
here at stellar and the the real life
implications of what we're building and
sometimes there's just room for like
something on the lighter side you know
and so Tyler  started that in that
and so Tyler started that in that
vein recently with kale I think it was
back in November he kind of launched
this and so I'll share my screen  now
this and so I'll share my screen now
and yes perfect and  so kale if you
and yes perfect and so kale if you
aren't aware is sort of like this I'm
going to m
coins kind of asset built on Stellar
that Tyler AKA kale pale  introduced
that Tyler AKA kale pale introduced
originally  Enrique kind of created
originally Enrique kind of created
this  SCM or fcm  contract that
this SCM or fcm contract that
initiated this sort of  like mining
initiated this sort of like mining
competitive sort of asset concept and
Tyler took that and kind of went in a
more teamwork oriented  kind of
more teamwork oriented kind of
Direction with it so if you aren't
already I highly suggest you start
mining some kale it's a lot of fun I'll
demonstrate it's real easy real simple
if you're not already logged in  you
if you're not already logged in you
can create a new account I'm actually
going to cancel that because I already
have one  but I'm gonna log in
have one but I'm gonna log in
and I'm presented with this  oh that
and I'm presented with this oh that
was the wrong one no it wasn't I'm
presented with this  this prompt that
presented with this this prompt that
I can plant something and I'm GNA sign
that with my pass key this is a smart
wallet that I've been given
to  to plant and sort of get this
to to plant and sort of get this
opportunity to mine some kale
and everybody is kind of in this
together we're like communally Community
Community Driven mining so to speak sort
of like a pool if you've ever tried
actually mining ether or Bitcoin or
whatever
and all of the people for about five
minutes or so  pull their efforts to
minutes or so pull their efforts to
kind of hash and create this
like this  hash that has a certain
like this hash that has a certain
amount of zeros there's a lot of math
if you click on Tyler's project
repository here it'll take you to  his
repository here it'll take you to his
GitHub where there's all kinds of stuff
about how the math works and
as a group of people it all yeah  it
as a group of people it all yeah it
all
gets mathed together and when you work
and then eventually Harvest after a
block has been  successfully planted
block has been successfully planted
and revealed I don't know if that's the
right word  then everybody can Harvest
right word then everybody can Harvest
and you get your kale  back to you not
and you get your kale back to you not
back to you you get kale minted to you
you can automate it with his website and
you don't have to use this website to do
it but it's a lot of fun and it's
honestly the easiest way to do it  you
honestly the easiest way to do it you
C we've got a leaderboard here and you
can see that  Bri right here with her
can see that Bri right here with her
3,000 or so is in the top 10
congratulations  and yeah it's a lot
congratulations and yeah it's a lot
of fun a lot  a lot of community is
of fun a lot a lot of community is
kind of built up around this and  and
kind of built up around this and and
it's a really good time to check it out
and to get involved
the thing that everybody's been asking
though is like I've got this kale I've
got in this wallet one and a half or so
oh I get to harvest one and a half or so
kale that  I've mined what do I do
kale that I've mined what do I do
with it and up to now it's kind of been
like not that much like there's not
really a market for it you're not really
like selling it and that's kind of by
Design  so what I created I'm
Design so what I created I'm
affectionately calling kale
fail and Tyler really loves that name
he's super excited about it and  it's
he's super excited about it and it's
just sort of a riff a spin if you will
on  this this kale asset that Tyler's
on this this kale asset that Tyler's
put together and so right now it is
essentially a trading contract and this
contract makes it possible for you to
send kale just like his farming site you
can sign up here  with a smart wallet
can sign up here with a smart wallet
it'll give you a smart wallet and  you
it'll give you a smart wallet and you
can put some kale into that contract
into your smart wallet and then you can
trade it for right now we've got
broccoli we've got cabbage we've got
kabi  if you don't know the farming
kabi if you don't know the farming
lingo  those are all different
lingo those are all different
cultivars of the same species of plant
as kale it's like really they're all the
same thing which is why it's always
tradable one to one and so I'm going to
send like a 100 kale let's get some
broccoli back make the Trade sign with
your smart
wallet and then it thinks for a second
and it thinks for a second longer and it
thinks for one more
second and 105 kale I mean broccoli now
in my wallet let's do the same thing
with
cabbage and it's essentially just the
smart contract is holding on to the kale
in the reserves and you can see this
update date as the  transactions go
update date as the transactions go
through  it's holding it in reserve
through it's holding it in reserve
and it's minting new vegetables to me
let's do Co Robbie as well I'm going to
make a trade sign in and I'm going to
get as many vegetables as I dang well
please because I need the fiber or
something I don't really know what
vegetables are good for but now I'm
sitting here I've got 100 each is of bro
Oli cabbage col
Robie and the way I designed this
contract is that it's kind of
extensible if that's the right word I'm
not entirely sure  to allow you to
not entirely sure to allow you to
allow the owner of the Trading Post
to update their stock or add new
vegetables take them away and kind of
expand and grow as as the
arises so what I'm going to do here I'm
going to copy paste this link into the
chat as well  and then I'm G to try my
chat as well and then I'm G to try my
best to share a different
window what if I do that and
present and we can
do this
one does that work does everybody see
that
cool NOP that's the wrong I don't want
that okay so the contract works it's
pretty simple as far it's split into
like owner customer kind of interfaces
and really there's one function for
the customer it's trade right you have
an address for your customer what
vegetable you want to trade how much of
it and whether or not you're buying kale
whether you're getting kale out of the
exchange or if you are getting
broccoli or whatever the case may be
and it does it just makes sure that it's
an actual vegetable that we have in
stock it sets up a couple of clients
depending on if you're buying kale or
selling kale  and then it it if it's
selling kale and then it it if it's
kale that you're buying that means kale
is going to be transferred from The
Trading Post contract into your own
wallet it's going to burn the broccoli
or cabbage or whatever you're Trading
and it's going to transfer from The
Trading Post contract into your customer
wallet otherwise it's going to receive
as the kale receive the kale into the
Trading Post contract transfer and then
it's going to Mint the vegetable  into
it's going to Mint the vegetable into
your smart
wallet but I also have this owner
interface that allows me to add
vegetables when I see fit so if you'll
all bear with me I'm going to try this
without  having done this before we're
without having done this before we're
going to try this real real live I'm
going to add brussels sprouts Raph has
been asking for brussels sprouts
since the day I launched this so I
figure it's probably time to give him
what he wants so we're going to Stellar
contract asset
deploy
source is going to be kale Bale that's
what I call it
network is main net and the asset is
going to be this
thing that I'm copy pasting right
now so what you don't know is that
Russell's Sprouts is far more than 12
characters which is the maximum
amount that can be
that can be an asset name so I had a
real hard time landing on a proper
abbreviation for what brussel's Sprouts
should be okay so the asset is deployed
so we will Stellar
contract invoke source is kale
fail no yes kale
fail  network is main net ID is going
fail network is main net ID is going
to be
whatever
this asset contract
was and we're going going to invoke the
set admin function new admin is going to
be the Trading Post contract
address and the transaction is signing
and
submitting and then we get transaction
successful where where is it where is it
true cool I always look for that  now
true cool I always look for that now
we get to add it to our Trading Post F
contract invoke Source kale fail Network
main net ID is the Trading Post
contract and we're going to invoke the
add
vegetables function new NOP it's called
veg doubles
to add because I am real creative
mattius and we're going to make an array
of or vector rather of
addresses if we wanted to do more than
one  and then we
one and then we
invoke simulation's
okay submission looks like it's okay
let's go  back to I know I'm giving
let's go back to I know I'm giving
you guys Whiplash with all of
these  window switches okay now we go
these window switches okay now we go
back
to  kale fail and if we're
lucky yes the vegetables available are
now including brussels
sprouts so I'm going to snatch up some
of
that BR Sprouts is about the closest
thing it was my wife's
idea she actually enjoys brussel sprouts
which is sin basically but now I am the
first one with my very own Russell
Sprouts be sure to grab some on your own
I've got a couple things up next for
kale fail  number one is
kale fail number one is
that it's a pain in the butt to sign up
for kale fail for kale mine some kale
and get some stuff there and then
also  have to sign up for kale fail
also have to sign up for kale fail
transfer the tokens do all that before
you can actually do anything so I'm
going to set up an ad signer kind of
functionality where you can log in to
kale fail with your existing kale wallet
I'm excited for that  should be really
I'm excited for that should be really
soon able to do that  next thing after
soon able to do that next thing after
that is this kitchen that Tyler and
jrome have been itching to get a hold of
soon we'll have a salad like nft
basically just kind of a pretty simple
like let's trade your Co tokens burn the
vegetables and and give you a really
pretty picture of a salad or something
else I'm not sure what other produce
related things might be in store  but
related things might be in store but
soon after that got in mind for like
more fancier nfts if any of you have
been around for like four or so years
and remember the smart nfts that Tyler
put together some maybe interesting
Concepts similar to that but actually on
soron  and even maybe like Community
soron and even maybe like Community
submitted  recipes or other kinds of
submitted recipes or other kinds of
nft goodness fun things that can be
voted on maybe and approved and all that
kind of stuff I'm super open to any
ideas you guys have or anything that
people kind of generally want to see or
what do you want to do with your kale
maybe we can make it happen but yeah
that is kale fail in a nutshell
everybody go have some fun enjoy  the
everybody go have some fun enjoy the
AI art that I stole from Tyler's  site
AI art that I stole from Tyler's site
to begin with and read all of the
Fantastic lore that Bri has put together
like it is phenomenal all of the like
five whole chapters like it's a freaking
novel  go enjoy
novel go enjoy
it great great thank you for for the
presentation and and and actually this
is a this is a fun game it's fun  I
is a this is a fun game it's fun I
think we all got a little bit addicted
to farming kale  and and it's it's
to farming kale and and it's it's
really fun but when you think about it
what what if we take kale and kale fail
it it's actually a defi application
because it has the elements of a defi
application it's just gamified a little
bit and instead of using  real token
bit and instead of using real token
names or real coin names real asset
names we're using are you using kale and
broccoli and brussel sprouts but but
this is actually this is actually a defi
application and and and as you as you
are switching between when you're
trading  kale for for broccoli  I I
trading kale for for broccoli I I
hope
a lot of people noticed that you're just
using pass keys there there was no
complicated wallet access or anything
like that just use just Ed the a pass
key so so this is actually it's a good
example if if  if developers want to
example if if if developers want to
play around and see what what can you
what can you build on on on on Stella
and with soran and and how is this build
because underneath all the the the fun
stuff it is actually a defi application
and there's there's a lot of there's a
lot of  sorant features like like pass
lot of sorant features like like pass
Keys that's included in this so there's
a lot of learning that goes into
understanding how this works and lot of
inspiration and and it's a good
sample project if if you want to learn
more about this so yeah any any other
fun Tech that I I left out that I didn't
mention that that you can learn from
looking at the the source code here yeah
the source code is definitely here like
available on the kale fail site like
easy to get to
it's a spelt kit application if
you're like into front-end libraries and
Frameworks and stuff that's just kind of
how my brain works to build in that
but to your point that everything is
Pass Key powered like this contract this
smart wallet that I have CB WN whatever
whatever  doesn't have to hold like
whatever doesn't have to hold like
this space reserve of lumens there's no
lumens that it holds s in oh it's
$163 sweet   it doesn't have to hold
$163 sweet it doesn't have to hold
any xlm to operate on the network
everything is done through launch tube
so it's like this pay Master service
that really abstracts the gas fees
sequence numbers transaction envelopes
all the like difficult things about
building on Stellar sometimes is like
just taken care of and so like no fees
come out of this come out of my smart
wallet
same is true for when you're mining kale
it's all done through launch tube and
it's just this incredible opportunity to
use these smart wallets to like just
have a wallet that you can like hand to
somebody you don't have to tell them
like okay now buy lumens from coinbase
and do this to get your wallet set up
it's just ready for users to actually
use so yeah you you just mentioned
launch tube and  maybe if if everyone
launch tube and maybe if if everyone
is not familiar with what launch tube is
can you maybe go into yeah little bit of
details how you're using launch tube and
what role it plays in this yeah so
launch tube is a service that we're kind
of pioneering  to make it easier for
of pioneering to make it easier for
applications and developers to build
applications that use Stellar like when
you are trying to build a transaction
you need a sequence number you need an
account to pay that sequence number you
need a balance to pay those fees you
need a Base reserve held in the wallet
like one Lumen minimum to like make sure
that your account is active like a
minimum balance requirement at some
banks  and all that can kind of be a
banks and all that can kind of be a
pain for a developer if you're trying to
get users set up on their wallet so that
they can actually interact with the
blockchain so you got to either sponsor
or give them one Lumen to satisfy That
Base reserve  you have to pay whatever
Base reserve you have to pay whatever
fees  for those transactions to
fees for those transactions to
actually hit the network launch tube
though is in you get assigned
transaction from the user using my pass
key wallet for these examples  and
key wallet for these examples and
then you send that transaction to launch
tube and launch tube will take care of
the sequence number the fee
paid all like the developer has to worry
about is getting a like a token with
valid launch tube credits on it and
that's super easy barely an
inconvenience if you go  to test net.
inconvenience if you go to test net.
launch tube.
XYZ genen it'll give you one for free if
you want a a real life mainnet one jump
into the launch Tu channel in our
Discord  or reach out to myself for
Discord or reach out to myself for
Tyler or carsten Chris any of the
developer Advocates would be more than
happy to provide you with launch tube
credentials so that you can start
building in this same like super easy
super streamlined
way I feel like I didn't fully answer
that
sorry that's great so yeah I can only
encourage everyone to go play farm some
kale  do some trading get your
kale do some trading get your
broccoli other vegetables and  and and
broccoli other vegetables and and and
then go look at the source code because
this this is in this is a really cool
application it it really shows a lot of
different features of of Stella and
soran so go have fun with it and and go
look at the source code and and learn
how Elliot built this so I think this
was all we have time for today  unless
was all we have time for today unless
we have a couple of questions I don't
think we have one but you there still a
for the quick there is an opportunity to
ask a question
anybody sweet doesn't look like it but
thank you so much for joining Elliot
it was it was fun to see to see kale
Phil and  yeah hope everyone is having
Phil and yeah hope everyone is having
fun with it thank you have a great day
bye